treewide: make `stylix.image` optional (#717)
danth/stylix: docs/src/configuration.md

See [base16.nix](https://github.com/SenchoPens/base16.nix) documentation for
usage examples.

## Wallpaper

To set a wallpaper, provide a path or an arbitrary derivation:

- ```nix
  {
    stylix.image = ./wallpaper.png;
  }
  ```

- ```nix
  {
    stylix.image = pkgs.fetchurl {
      url = "https://www.pixelstalk.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Epic-Anime-Awesome-Wallpapers.jpg";
      sha256 = "enQo3wqhgf0FEPHj2coOCvo7DuZv+x5rL/WIo4qPI50=";
    };
  }
  ```

> If `stylix.base16Scheme` is undeclared, Stylix generates the color scheme with a
> [genetic algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_algorithm). Note that

Reviewer: Perhaps make it extra clear that the generated scheme is based on the wallpaper:

```suggestion
If `stylix.base16Scheme` is undeclared, Stylix generates a color scheme based on the wallpaper using a
[genetic algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_algorithm). Note that
```
